well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about that
study out of stanford university
now for the record i had no idea that
was going to be released that's just a
happy coincidence
that it uh relates to the earlier video
um
if you don't know what i'm talking about
stanford did a study and they tried to
determine the impact
from 18 just 18 of trump's rallies
they tried to quantify the effect
that it had and how much it impacted the
country
the answer they came up with was thirty
thousand
thirty thousand cases
likely took 700 out
that's that's that's pretty steep
that makes him uh about
four times as bad as that guy
in oklahoma city with the truck
if you factored in all the events all
the rallies
do you think it would reach the
the total from that day in september
i'm willing to bet it would
and if you added in those that aren't
here anymore
because he uh downplayed it ignored the
advice of scientists
wouldn't lead i'd be willing to bet it
would
reach the total of vietnam
in months in months he was able to
accomplish this
worse than our worst home grown
worse than our worst ever
worse than our stiffest opposition
none of this is really a surprise to be
honest i mean we all knew this
it was weird to see it in black and
white but we all kind of knew this was
happening
the thing is that's not the scary part
the scary part is that
even with this and with people knowing
this he still stands a chance
of being reelected because it's not
about looking out for the country
anymore
it's about waving flags rather than yard
signs
it's turned into some weird patriotic
type duty
where you have pledged your loyalty to a
man rather than the country
and that's messed up because i want you
to think about the scars
that vietnam left on this country
you know i've actually got a pretty
nasty scar on my arm
when it happened at the time didn't seem
that bad
to be honest i looked down and said
that's not that bad i was wrong
um but
at the time you don't notice it
but the impacts from this man's
ineffective leadership
those scars are going to be around for
years
i don't know that we can take another
four years of it
he's certainly not going to become more
tame he's not going to become more
rational
he's not going to care about the country
all of a sudden
if anything he's going to be more bold
more brazen more careless
with the people he's entrusted to look
over
that's what's going to happen
and that's just with this we already
know
that on the immigration side of things
he's going to get worse
miller's told us
and it's because people stopped thinking
they forgot where
where their loyalty is supposed to lie
it's not supposed to lie with some guy
in dc
supposed to lie with your neighbors
who are the people that are missing
the president is not an entertainer
his goal isn't to create headlines to
talk about
his goal isn't to own the libs on
twitter
his goal is to run a country and there
are 360 million or so people
who are impacted by his poor decisions
and because some people will not admit
that they were wrong
will not admit that a reality tv star
maybe wasn't the best choice
we run the risk of this man
being able to make those poor decisions
for another four years
it's definitely something to think about
it it's definitely something to mull
over if you can overlook
the devastation that this man has caused
you never get to talk about the vets
again those lost again
because it doesn't matter
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day